---
title: Release of GCE ‘O’ Level Results (12th January 2022)
permalink: /cbss/release-of-gce-o-level-results-12th-january-2022/
description: ""
third_nav_title: "2022"
---

<p><strong><u>For 4E1, 4E2, 4E3, 4E4 and 5N1 students</u></strong><br /><br />1. You will be allowed to enter the school from 1.45 pm onwards. Please scan the SafeEntry QR code at the foyer to complete your check-in and have your temperature taken before proceeding to your classrooms.<br /><br />If you are unwell or affected by COVID-19 restrictions (e.g. required to self-isolate due to a positive COVID-19 test result), please view your results online via Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board&rsquo;s (SEAB) results release system at&nbsp;<a href="http://www.seab.gov.sg/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">www.seab.gov.sg</a>&nbsp;from 2.45 pm on 12th January using your SingPass. You should not return to school to collect your results.<br /><br />For the students whose SingPass PIN had expired, you can request for a new PIN mailer via SingPass website (<a href="http://www.singpass.gov.sg/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">www.singpass.gov.sg</a>) or visit any SingPass Counter in-person to set up your SingPass account.<br /><br />2. For students who are not eligible for SingPass, i.e. International Students, you will receive a system-generated password from SEAB via email from 7 January 2022. SEAB Candidates Portal will be accessible from 12 to 26 January 2022.<br /><br />3. If you have been issued the Ministry of Health's Health Risk Warning (HRW), you will be allowed to collect your results in person if you test negative using the Antigen Rapid Test (ART) on the day of the results release before going to school. Please inform your Character Coaches if you have been issued the HRW.<br /><br /><strong><u>Assistance for students who cannot return to schools to collect Joint Admissions Exercise (JAE) Forms</u></strong><br /><br />4. For students who are unable to return to schools due to reasons such as being unwell on the day of results release, you will not be able to collect your JAE Form A in person for the registration of courses for admission into post-secondary education institutions (i.e. polytechnics, ITE, Junior Colleges/Millennia Institute). You may collect your JAE Form A from the school or appoint a proxy to collect the hardcopy form from the school on your behalf&nbsp;<u><strong>by 14 January 2022</strong></u>. Alternatively, students who are eligible for JAE may download a copy of the Form A from the JAE-Internet System (JAE-IS) using Singpass during the registration period.<br /><br />5. The proxy will need to produce the following documents for the school&rsquo;s verification:<br />a. Completed proxy form (available at&nbsp;<a href="https://canberrasec.moe.edu.sg/cbss/www.moe.gov.sg/jaeproxy">www.moe.gov.sg/jaeproxy</a>)<br />b. Parent&rsquo;s&rsquo;/guardian&rsquo;s NRIC/passport<br />c. Student&rsquo;s NRIC/Birth Certificate/passport<br />d. Proxy&rsquo;s NRIC<br /><br /><strong><u>Safe Management Measures</u></strong><br /><br />6. The results will be given out in your respective classrooms. Students are to be seated according to the school index number. A copy of the class list will be pasted outside your classroom. You are not allowed to congregate or inter-mingle with friends from the other classes.<br /><br />7. Prevailing visitor management measures would apply to all school candidates entering the school. Please note that parents/guardians will&nbsp;<strong>not</strong>&nbsp;be allowed to accompany his/her child/ward to school to collect their results.<br /><br /><strong><u>Grooming Matters</u></strong><br /><br />8. You are to report to school in half uniform (school T-shirt and pants/skirts). You are expected to be properly groomed in accordance to the school grooming standards. You will not be able to receive your results with your classmates in the classroom if you are not properly groomed.</p>