---
title: 2024 Secondary One Registration
permalink: /sec-1-registration/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<p><strong>Canberra Secondary School welcomes our 2024 Sec 1 Students and Parents!</strong></p><p>Congratulations on your posting to Canberra Secondary to commence your secondary school education. It will be a new phase of your development and we are happy to welcome you to the Canberran family!</p><p>When you receive your posting to Canberra, you&nbsp;<strong>do not need to </strong>physically report to our school the next day as we will be conducting our Sec 1 Registration Exercise online.</p><p>Students only need to report on the first day of school on 2 January 2024 (Tuesday).</p><p>The school address is 51 Sembawang Drive Singapore 757699.</p><p>We are located within a 15-minute walk from Sembawang MRT Station.</p><p>Bus services: 859, 962 (Bus stop outside school)</p><p><strong><u>1. Sec 1 Online Registration</u></strong></p><p><strong>Please ensure that you have your Parents Gateway app to complete the Sec 1 Online Registration. <em>Canberra Secondary School</em></strong> will be automatically reflected on Parents Gateway once you have received your child’s school posting.</p><blockquote><p></p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Login to Parents Gateway.&nbsp;</p></li><li><p>You should receive notification on the Parents Gateway app to complete the Sec 1 registration. <strong><em>(More details will be made available on 22nd December 2023 on Parents Gateway)</em></strong></p></li><li><p>Students with Posting Group 1 and 2 will be able to take English Language, Mathematics, Science and Mother Tongue Language, at G2 or G3 level when they enter Secondary 1 based on their performance in these subjects at the PSLE.&nbsp; <strong><em>(More details will be made available on 22nd December 2023 on Parents Gateway)</em></strong></p></li></ol></blockquote><p></p><p><strong><u>2.</u></strong><u> </u><strong><u>Purchase of Books and Sale of Uniforms</u></strong></p><p>Parents are to make order for books and uniforms online through the school’s bookshop vendor Pacific Bookstores Pte Ltd’s website (<a href="https://www.pacificbookstores.com" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.pacificbookstores.com</a>).</p><p>You will then select the date and time to collect the order physically in school. Please note that only one adult can accompany the student to collect the books physically in school. Alternatively, you can arrange for the books to be delivered to your homes. The details for the books and uniform purchase can be found in the documents below:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/2024/1_CBRSS_UNIFORM_ORDER_FORM_2024.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Canberra Uniform Order Form</a></p></li><li><p><a href="/files/2024/2_S1_2024.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Book lists for G1, G2 and G3</a></p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong><u>3.</u></strong><u>&nbsp;</u><strong><u>MOE Financial Assistance Scheme (MOE FAS) Application</u></strong></p><p>Students whose MOE FAS application was approved before 16 December 2023 by their primary schools will receive a notification from us through Parents Gateway by 26th December 2023. You <strong>need not</strong> order the books and uniforms online.&nbsp;</p><p>You and your child must report to the General Office at the assigned timing (refer to Table 1) before going to the bookshop to collect the books and uniforms.&nbsp;You may contact the General Office at 6758 5070 if you do not receive the Parents Gateway notification by the evening of 26th December 2023.</p><p>For students who have yet to apply for MOE FAS and wish to do so, you may obtain a copy of the application form from the General Office. Upon completion, please submit the application form and the required supporting documents to the General Office.&nbsp;If your documents are in order, we will be able to process your application between 7 to 10 working days and we will notify you of the status accordingly.</p><p>Alternatively, you may apply for MOE FAS online by clicking here <a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/financial-matters/financial-assistance" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">https://www.moe.gov.sg/financial-matters/financial-assistance</a>.</p><p></p><p><strong>Table 1</strong></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Date</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Timing</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Remarks</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>27th December 2023 (Wednesday)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9 am – 3 pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>For <strong>Approved</strong> MOE FAS Students</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>28th December 2023 (Thursday)</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>9 am – 3 pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>For <strong>Approved</strong> MOE FAS and School-Based FAS Students</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p><strong><u>4. Appeal Process</u></strong></p><p>If you assess that Canberra Secondary School is unable to accommodate your child’s physical health or special learning needs, you may appeal for a transfer. Appeals can be filed at Canberra Secondary School&nbsp;General Office <strong>on the next day after the posting results have been released</strong>.</p><p></p><p><strong>Points to note about appealing for a transfer:</strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Appeals will&nbsp;<strong>only</strong>&nbsp;be considered on an exceptional basis for students with:</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Serious medical conditions, such as chronic heart conditions or kidney problems.</p></li><li><p>Severe physical impairments, such as those requiring permanent use of a wheelchair.</p></li></ol></li><li><p>All appeals must be accompanied by relevant supporting documents, such as medical reports and letters from doctors.</p></li><li><p>Our staff at the General Office will help to file your appeal. The appeal results will be released in early January.</p></li><li><p>If you intend to appeal for transfer, your child must still report to our school on 2 January 2024.</p></li><li><p>Your child is required to attend school until his/her appeal for transfer is approved.</p></li><li><p>Transfers are subjected to vacancies at the requested transfer school.</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Note:</strong></p><p>If you are seeking a transfer due to other reasons, you&nbsp;<strong>may</strong>&nbsp;approach the school of your choice directly.</p><p>It’s important to keep the following in mind:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Your child’s Achievement Level score should meet the school’s cut-off score of the posting year.</p></li><li><p>Your child should meet the school’s admission criteria.</p></li><li><p>The school must have available vacancies.</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong><u>5. Sec 1 Orientation Programme 2024</u></strong></p><p>Details for Sec 1 Orientation Programme will be made available through Parents Gateway and the School Website.</p><p><strong><u>6. Transition to Secondary School</u></strong></p><p>Students moving from Primary to Secondary School are entering a new phase of life. They will be exposed to different challenges and it is crucial to help your child with the transition.</p><p></p><p><strong>Help your child to understand the common challenges</strong></p><p>Some of the challenges faced by students entering Secondary School include:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>New School environment (ie. timing and peers)</p></li><li><p>New subject syllabus</p></li><li><p>New phase of life</p></li></ul><p>Your child has spent the last 6 years getting used to their Primary School, and now they will be going to a new school. Moreover, many of your child’s Primary School friends may be posted to different Secondary Schools.</p><p>Meeting new people can be difficult, but it’s also an opportunity for them to form new, long-lasting friendships.</p><p>Your child will also be learning new subjects, including Geography, History, Literature, Food and Consumer Education, as well as Design and Technology. There will also be more subject choices, especially in Upper Secondary.</p><p>In this phase of school, your child will enter their teenage years and go through physical, emotional and mental changes. They will also begin to explore the different pathways available for them to fulfil their dreams and aspirations.</p><p></p><p><strong>Support your child’s development and interests</strong></p><p>It’s important that you pick a school where your child’s development and interests will be supported. Generally, Secondary School students do best when they:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Feel a sense of belonging, with their friends and at the school.</p></li><li><p>Feel a sense of purpose and progress.</p></li><li><p>Get the opportunity to contribute to the school, for example through their Co-Curricular Activities (CCAs).</p></li><li><p>Find their interests and explore new experiences.</p></li><li><p>Have teachers who care about them and cater to their needs.</p></li><li><p>Are able to enjoy the process of learning at an appropriate level for them.</p><p></p></li></ul><p><strong>Encourage your child to prepare for the transition</strong></p><p>When discussing these challenges with your child, encourage them to:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Choose subjects and electives that interest them.</p></li><li><p>Look beyond academics and pursue activities that excite them.</p></li><li><p>Make new friends and involve themselves in sports, games, clubs and other CCAs. They get the opportunity to find their interests and learn new things.</p></li><li><p>Let you know if they are having challenges in school.</p></li></ul><p></p><p><strong>Join the Parent Support Group (PSG)</strong></p><p>We welcome you to join our Parent Support Group (PSG) which aims to promote partnership between the parents and the school towards the holistic development of every student. We encourage you to volunteer your precious time in any of the school’s activities. Your support will make a big difference to the school and your child.</p><p>To join the PSG, kindly submit the form below to General Office or through your child. Should you require more details or clarification, please email us at canberra_ss@moe.edu.sg.</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="/files/2024/3_PSG_Recruitment_Form.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">PSG Recruitment Form</a></p></li><li><p>For those interested to sign up for the Triple P Seminar, <a href="/files/2024/4_PSG_A_FSS_Introduction_letter_2024_by_Care_Corner.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">please click here.</a></p></li></ul><p>Should you have further enquiries, please contact the General Office at 6758 5070 on weekdays between 8.30 am - 4.30 pm.</p><p>Thank you and on behalf of the school, we would like to wish all our 2024 Sec 1 students and families a great year ahead.</p>